On README ...
-------------
Files called `README' are often found on unix systems to attract the
attention of people accessing the directory.  They contain important
information about the software stored in the directory, for example,
version information, operating modes, and installation notes.

However, `README' is rather like any instruction manual in that people
only tend to consult it when something goes wrong.  After the event!


On passwords ...
----------------
New passwords should be at least five characters long if they
combine upper-case and lower-case letters, or at least six characters
long if in monocase.  Users that persist in entering shorter
passwords are compromising their own security. The number of
significant characters in a password is eight, although longer
passwords will be accepted.

Only the owner of the name or the super-user may change a password;
the owner must prove he knows the old password.  The super-user can
change any password and is not force to comply with password aging
requirements.


On ls ...
---------
For each filename which is a directory, ls lists the contents of the
directory; for each filename which is a file, ls repeats its name and
any other information requested.  By default, the output is sorted
alphabetically.  When no argument is given, the current directory is
listed.   When several arguments are given, the arguments are first
sorted appropriately, but file arguments are processed before
directories and their contents.

In order to determine output formats for the -C, -x, and -m options,
/usr/5bin/ls uses an environment variable, COLUMNS, to determine the
number of character positions available on one output line.  If this
variable is not set, the terminfo database is used to determine the
number of columns, based on the environment variable TERM.  If this
information cannot be obtained, 80 columns are assumed.  Here is a
line which contains README!


On grep ...
-----------
Commands of the grep family search the input filenames (the standard
input default) for lines matching a pattern.  Normally, each line found
is copied to the standard output.  grep patterns are limited regular
expressions in the style of ed(1).  egrep patterns are full regular
expressions including alternation.  fgrep patterns are fixed strings -
no regular expression metacharacters are supported.

When any of the grep utilities is applied to more than one input file,
the name of the file is displayed preceding each line which matches the
pattern.  The filename is not displayed when processing a single file,
so if you actually want the filename to appear, use /dev/null as a
second file in the list.



On diff ...
-----------
diff is a differential file comparator.  When run on regular files, and
when comparing text files that differ during directory comparison (see
the notes below on comparing directories), diff tells what lines must
be changed in the files to bring them into agreement.   Except in rare
circumstances, diff finds a smallest sufficient set of differ- ences.
If neither filename1 nor filename2 is a directory, either may be given
as `-', in which case the standard input is used.  If filename1 is a
directory, a file in that directory whose filename is the same as the
filename of filename2 is used (and vice versa).

These lines resemble ed(1) commands to convert filename1 into
filename2.   The numbers after the letters pertain to filename2.  In
fact, by exchanging a for d and reading backward one may ascertain
equally how to convert filename2 into filename1.  As in ed(1),
identical pairs, where n1 = n2 or n3 = n4, are abbreviated as a single
number.

Following each of these lines come all the lines that are affected in
the first file flagged by `<', then all the lines that are affected in
the second file flagged by `>'.

If both arguments are directories, diff sorts the contents of the
directories by name, and then runs the regular file diff program as
described above on text files which are different.   Binary files which
differ, common subdirectories, and files which appear in only one
directory are listed.


On sort ...
-----------
The sort program sorts and collates lines contained in the named files,
and writes the result onto the standard output.  If no filename
argument is given, or if `-' appears as an argument, sort accepts input
from the standard input.

Output lines are normally sorted on a character-by-character basis,
from left to right within a line.  The default collating sequence is
the ASCII character set.  Lines can also be sorted according to the
contents of one or more fields specified by a sort-field,
specification, using the +sw (starting-word), -ew (end-at-word), and
the -tc (set-TAB-character/word delimiter) options, as  described
under OPTIONS below.  When no word delimiter is specified, one or more
adjacent white-space characters (SPACE and TAB) signify the end of the
previous word; the lines:

You can apply a character offset to sw and ew to indicate that a field
is to start or end a given number of characters within a word, using
the notation: `w.c'.  A starting position specified in the form: `+w.c'
indicates the character in position c (beginning with 0 for the first
character), within word w (1 and 1.0 are equivalent).  An ending
position specified in the form:  `-w.c' indicates that the field ends
at the character just prior to position c (beginning with 0 for the
delimiter just prior to the first character), within word w.  If the -b
flag is in effect, c is counted from the first non-white-space or
non-delimiter character in the field, otherwise, delimiter characters
are counted.

The amount of main memory used by the sort has a large impact on its
performance.  Sorting a small file in a large amount of memory is a
waste.  If this option is omitted, sort begins using a system default
memory size, and continues to add space as needed.   If this option is
given sort starts with kmem, kilobytes of memory, if allowed, or as
close to that amount as possible.   Supplying -y0 guarantees that sort
starts with a minimum of memory.  By convention, -y (with no argument)
starts with maximum memory.

